Add Angular, Vue and React code snippets to dxTabPanel (#418)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/TabPanel/05 Customize Item Appearance.md

                    text: 'This is Info Tab',
                    badge: 'New'
                }, {
                    title: 'Contacts',
                    text: 'This is Contacts Tab',
                    disabled: true
                }, {
                    title: 'Address',
                    text: 'This is Address Tab',
                    icon: 'home'
                }]
            };
        }
    };
    </script>

##### React

    <!--tab: App.js-->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import TabPanel from 'devextreme-react/tab-panel';

    const tabPanelItems = [{
        title: 'Info',
        text: 'This is Info Tab',
        badge: 'New'
    }, {
        title: 'Contacts',
        text: 'This is Contacts Tab',
        disabled: true
    }, {
        title: 'Address',
        text: 'This is Address Tab',
        icon: 'home'
    }];

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <TabPanel
                    items={tabPanelItems}
                />
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> If you need a more flexible solution, define an [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTabPanel/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTemplate') and [itemTitleTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTabPanel/1%20Configuration/itemTitleTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTitleTemplate') callback functions for views and tabs, respectively. In Angular and Vue, you can declare it in the markup. In React, you can use a rendering function (shown in the code below) or component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a more flexible solution, define [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTabPanel/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTemplate') and [itemTitleTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTabPanel/1%20Configuration/itemTitleTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#itemTitleTemplate') for views and tabs, respectively. In Angular and Vue, you can declare them in the markup. In React, you can use rendering functions (shown in the code below) or components.
```

---

##### Angular

    <!--HTML-->
    <dx-tab-panel
        [items]="tabPanelItems"
        itemTitleTemplate="title"
        itemTemplate="item">
        <div *dxTemplate="let content of 'title'">
            <p>{{content.title}}</p>
        </div>
        <div *dxTemplate="let content of 'item'">
            <div style="margin: 25px;">
                <h1>{{content.title}}</h1>
                <div style="text-align: left;">

> 					<p *ngFor="let key of getItemKeys(content.data)">

Reviewer: Please do not use tab symbols for indentation.

            <template #title="{ data }">
                <div>
                    <p>{{ data.title }}</p>
                </div>
            </template>
            <template #item="{ data }">
                <div :style="{ margin: '25px' }">
                    <h1>{{data.title}}</h1>
                    <div :style="{ textAlign: 'left' }">
                        <p v-for="key in getItemKeys(data.data)">
                            {{key}}: <b>{{data.data[key]}}</b>
                        </p>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </template>
        </DxTabPanel>
    </template>
    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DxTabPanel from 'devextreme-vue/tab-panel';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxTabPanel
        },
        data() {
            return {
                tabPanelItems: [{
                    title: 'Info',
                    data: { firstName: 'John', lastName: 'Smith', birthYear: 1986 }
                }, {
                    title: 'Contacts',
                    data: { phone: '(555)555-5555', email: 'John.Smith@example.com' }

>                 }];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                }]
```

                <TabPanel
                    items={tabPanelItems}
                    itemTitleRender={this.renderTitle}
                    itemRender={this.renderItem}
                />
            );
        }

        renderTitle(data) {
            return (
                <div>
                    <p>{data.title};</p>
                </div>
            );
        }

        renderItem(content) {
            return (
                <div style={{ margin: 25 }}>
                    <h1>{content.title}</h1>
                    <div style={{ textAlign: 'left' }}>
                        { 
                            Object.keys(content.data).map(key => {
                                return (
                                    <p key={key}>
                                        {key}: <b>{content.data[key]}</b>
                                    </p> 
                                )}
                            )
                        }
                    </div>
                </div>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

#include common-demobutton with {
    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TabPanel/Overview/"
}

> If you use jQuery, use <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/manipulation/" target="_blank">DOM manipulation methods</a> to combine the HTML markup for tabpanel item. To apply this markup, use the **itemTemplate** and **itemTitleTemplate** callback functions as shown in the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use jQuery, use <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/manipulation/" target="_blank">DOM manipulation methods</a> to combine the HTML markup for **TabPanel** items. To apply this markup, use the **itemTemplate** and **itemTitleTemplate** callback functions as shown in the following code:
```
